The repository has been established for a specific project, which is aimed at predicting potential wheel alignment angles for a prototype vehicle developed by BMW, and allows for viewing and modification of the project after the end of my internship. Details on the use cases for the scripts are purposely witheld to comply with corporate data privacy policy.

The Python scripts contained within will import data from a .csv file, as seen in line 17 of the script, into a machine learning algorithm. This algorithm is designed to determine the relationships between m inputs and n outputs, allowing the user to later insert their own inputs and acquire the corresponding outputs. The data should be formatted in a .csv file, with the initial m columns representing the inputs and the subsequent n columns signifying the outputs. By default, the script is configured for 15 inputs and 4 outputs, but these parameters can be adjusted in lines 20-21 and 24-25 of the script. Please note that the scripts utilize 'numpy' and 'pandas' libraries. A future iteration of the script, currently under development, will also employ TensorFlow.

The design of the neural network has a single hidden layer, intended to mitigate the risk of overfitting. Each script uses distinct activation functions (ReLu and tanh) to enhance precision and cater to varying requirements. Explanations regarding how the scripts work are provided within the comments of the script. Although these scripts were designed for specific sets of data, they can be slightly modified to allow for any data presented in the appropriate format to be analyzed and predicted
